---

title: Dota or Don't a
date: "2021-11-10"
description: Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn.
ogimage: ./dota-or-dont-a.jpg

---

## ⚡️ Fuel Recharge

Apart from being working in a normal day, you get stressed easily. Yep, filling
up those workloads in your head is a big pain in the ass.

You tell me...

All those days you spent from 9 AM to 5 PM every weekdays is not a joke. At the
first glance, its nice you can explore and put your hobby to its fullest
purpose. But when you're getting used to it, you started to feel a little bit
dull if this action takes like forever at the time being.

All of your emotions are a big deal in a work environment or not, it doesn't
matter because it will affect your next idea or act that I'm really sure you
shouldn't mess it up later.

For me, its a lot easier since my refresh fuel is not far from my workstation (
yes, it is my PC itself ) so I can just switch from my laptop to my PC in no
time. Guess its lucky enough to not putting any efforts in doing some off-time
emotion and brain balancing.

Games are stuff that I love so much to play, not to tell any games except RPGs,
MMORPGs, and a special MOBA game that I only play.

There is a lot of single player RPGs that I play in the mean time, for example
like **From Software**'s *Dark Souls* franchise, **CAPCOM**'s *Dragon's Dogma*,
**Bethesda**'s *Elder's Scrolls* series. I managed to finish those games with my
console in the past and then I came up with good ol' nostalgia shit so I
reinstall those diamonds in my potato PC.

It came up well, I get beaten up for most of the times because all the combats
are extremely hard ( and of course, you need to *git gud* ). Turns out all the
stuff I did get from all of these games are a fuel that could recharge my
emotions.

## ⚡️ Ups and Downs

The learning curve of those games are hard, it comes with patience and a lot of
errors. But the result is a success in a complete game with a trophy that I'm
proud of.

Single RPGs game tend to be boring after you maxed out your character(s), 100%
completion, and many *New Game+*-ses. I moved into a next level by playing
MMORPGs. This are no different from the single player one except it is
multiplayer. Massively Multiplayer Online RPGs.

I play broad of MMORPGs game also. Started from my high school days it was
**Gemscool**'s *Dragon's Nest*. It was the bomb back in the day, all internet
cafes that I played in there's at least 5 people who've play the game. I play
until I raid every week, there's a content called *Nest* its a 10-man content
with a high coordination that requires a support, a damage dealer,and a tank.

That is basically any MMORPGs meta that you should have a support, a damage
dealer and a tank build for your character(s).

Next, I switched into a game called *Guild Wars 2*. Its from **Arena Net** and I
play for a long time starting from 2017 until now. Well, I rarely open the game
now because got so much stuff to do rather than getting up my daily quests
there. Its a pretty fun game, I managed to get in a great guild that consists of
high class streamers and pro players called *Hardstuck* and pretty much going on
there until I maxed out my characters.

The contents always getting refreshed in the week, but once you came into end
game all the thing you do are raids and a mini dungeon called fractals, that's
all so I might say it'll dull once you mastered all the mechanics.

Then I stumbled upon **Elder's Scrolls** *ESO* or *Elder's Scrolls Online*. The
basics are pretty much the same only the content differs from each other. *ESO*
provides a rich lore and background story to your character and made you feel
that you're actually **INSIDE** the game. Funny enough, I played the game for
about 1 year until I actually retired since the end game became a grind for life
to search for those legendary equipments.

That should wrap up my RPGs story as in my *side game* while I am getting a
break from my *main game*.

## ⚡️ Roshan Has Fallen

This *"was"* a special case. Before I play those single player and multiplayer
games as my *"break"* game, I play a well-known MOBA called *Dota*. The history
is long enough even I can create a book dedicated to the game. Its from a map
mod in **Blizzard**'s *Warcraft 3: Frozen Throne* and getting its popularity
there until **Valve** made it into its second version within a fullset of new
features, heroes, and many more.

It was released in **Steam** years ago, at first you need a key to play it and
then it is released as a free game until now. 

*"Trust me, this game knows how you feel"*

A lot of emotion swing in this game as this is a 5-man content game that
requires highly coordination and skills. I have a lot of friends with mixed
ranks. Starting from the ultra noob until the ultra gigachad.

This games really fulfill your destination when you won the game. But when you
lose, it is another story. Really, it is another decision.

Should you go next game and trying hard to destroy the throne and win the game
or just decide for another loss.

The learning curve for this game is so hard that it is harder than a sudoku or
chess game.

Hahahahaha no I was just joking, chess is a lot harder.

It requires you to play some amount of time so that you mastered all the
abilities, which hero you'd like to play with, which is which to counter enemy
strategies.

It was fun, but this game requires you a break from each matches. A match can
takes a lot of time. Starting from 30 minutes until 2 hours, for... a...
single... match.

My favorite hero is **Pangolier** and **Marci**. I mainly play a role called
*Offlane*. Before I started to play in position 3, I usually play supports in
position 4 or 5 or as the game itself called, *Soft support* and a *Hard
support*.

Climbing from deep down inside the animal bracket, until human-friendly bracket.
The journey never ends.

What is your favorite game? You can leave those in the comments section below,
and catch y'all later! :)

<div align="center">
  <img
    src="https://cdn1.dotesports.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/07225652/pangolier-pirate.jpg" 
    alt="Dota or don't a" 
    width="400"
  />
  <p>
    Image by <i>&copy; Valve</i> in <i>Tales of the Windward Rogue</i>
    <br/>
    Source<i>&copy; dotEsports</i>
  </p>
</div>


