---

title: Reverb
date: "2021-11-16"
description: A knowledge that echoes from the distance.
ogimage: ./reverb.jpg

---

## ü•Å D Minor to A Major

From the years past before today, counts as 365 days before, I've been through a
lot of stuff that happens in my life. The beginning journey how I code until
right now, some problems that never been solved or has been resolved.

It all rotates from the "minor" issue into a "major" mess.

I have learnt so much until I realize that I still have a long way to go, before
I do acknowledge what the real difficulties that I should've been through with
so all the years are not wasted into a pretty bad behaviour or some accidental
drawbacks that I could remember of.

The thing is...

It was rough enough.

So, in 2020 I worked for this sketchy *start-up* that didn't know how
to **start up**. Disclaimer though, all of this problems are already in the past
so I have no bad feelings nor my brain wants me to curse all the time, all over
again.

They were a basic IT consultant there that was building pretty much "fishy"
stuff that were not actually "allowed" even to be exist.

Firstly, it all started to only serve people who wants a beatifully crafted
landing pages for small companies or a mid-to-large companies that really wants
a brief overview about their primary powers or superiority or any service that
they want to advertise within the page.

Its just a simple landing page, no shit no sherlock. But hey, as long I'm
getting paid, things are okay.

I guess...

Until the nightmare comes.

## ü•Å Posession to Reposession

Things are going well...

Over the time, we just used a basic HTML thingy with no advanced stuff.
Sometimes a client wants us to use **WordPress** so they can have the access to
control over the CMS ( *Content Management System* ).

All in all, until the boss wants us to create a system to handle a *multi level
marketing* service that was really not a good idea, before I realized it was too
late.

It was a really complicated process. I was working with 3 people and we have no
idea how to made this happen.

So, we create the basic stuff all in well with our specialization ( I was in FE
for the moment to handle it with *NextJS* because of the server-side and SEO
thingy ) and my friend was told to handle all the BE and data with *Python*.

We create it like for about a week. Boss didn't gave us a place to crash in, so
we sleep in the office. He told us to work like a dog, like you can't imagine
before.

But the thing is, after the job has been finished, we didn't even get paid.

*Ontime...*

Without getting any benefits working there, I suddenly realized "why the hell I
accept to work here in the first place?". Some thoughts were coming out from my
head. So, I ask the boss to pay us or we're not mantaining those things.

He postponed our payroll and we decided to stop working and not responding to
all of his messages and calls.

And he paid us half, we unblock him and try to reach him, after we go to the
office he goes berserk like not much, but slowly.

I don't care about that since the toxicity already started from the beginning
where this place is not good and suitable to be called a *workplace*.

And I quit in November.

## ü•Å November Rain

I worked there for about 3 months and only getting paid for 2. So yeah, its not
good. 

Before I work there, I go to this bootcamp and after I graduated, I started to
work on open source projects. 

After I quit however, I go back to open source but with a single thing in my
mind.

*"How in the hell I could get another job that pays me so I can pay my bills,
made my parents happy and all those things..."*

I started to seek another job and turns out DKatalis hired me as a software
engineer.

I was lucky enough because I specialized in *NodeJS* so I think it'll go nicely.

Here, it is really amazing. Suitable work-life-balance thing, all nice person to
work with, arguing about a bit of this and a bit of that with so many people
abroad.

Its nice and fun to work here, I'm so grateful and want to give many thanks to
all the people who accept me for who I am.

So, what is your most interesting day of the past year? Tell me in the comments
down below!

<div align="center">
  <img
    src="https://ckeditor.com/blog/Collaborative-writing-and-how-to-implement-it-in-your-application/feature.jpg" 
    alt="Reverb" 
    width="400"
  />
  <p>
    Image by <i>&copy; CKEditor</i>
  </p>
</div>




