---

title: Apple Burst
date: "2021-11-17"
description: Green for go or red for stop.
ogimage: ./apple-burst.jpg

---

## üçè Oxidation

*"This unappetizing phenomenon is actually due to a chain of biochemical
reactions known as enzymatic browning. When an apple is injured (or cut into
pieces), the plant tissue is exposed to oxygen. This triggers an enzyme known as
polyphenol oxidase (PPO) to oxidize polyphenols in the apple's flesh."*

Sounds quite intriguing isn't it?

Yes that is the process resolved if you leave your apple after a bite and let it
stay for a time. It'll turn into something else, just like humans. You leave 'em
and they'll "change" gradually into somebody that you've never known before.

People tend to have a habits that uniquely potraits its character. They have a
well known manner or things that inclined to his or hers original only. You may
have any family, partner, or friends that in this situation are confirmed to
have this kind of stuff.

For example, your partner might be didn't like you to say inappropriate things
in front of many people and there is one that might did. It is a huge world we
live in and we live in a society that have many traits or style.

Actions you encounter with them everyday doesn't limit their pattern or routine
for everyone in their world, unbeknownst to you unfortunately.

Have you ever wonder, how do you feel when you're near somebody who's close with
you or just any acquintance you've just met before?

Yes... In my humble opinion, we felt like that if we're meeting somebody new or
somebody who've long history with our way in life.

A part you doesn't have to think about, honestly.

## üçè That Big Bite

Habits are hard to change.

People likes to command others to solely change its habits, whether you are
doing bad or good, it doesn't matter.

From time to time, it really changes **IF** you are intended to or else its just
a phony opinion.

The ancient tribes likes to write their own traits to show the other kind of how
does the civilization work within their tribe. They hunt scavengers, grow
plants, etc. 

Before they wrote all that stuff, they must've tested those in their culture so
they wants to people who are from the future to look at its meaning truthfully.

I think I'll do the same here, *it izz whad it izz*.

Here are the things that builds who am I, in regards to myself.

#### I don't eat poultries

Any fowls, birds, chickens, anything. I couldn't not eat them raw or cooked.
Things have a connection within my past, I forgot what it is but I really can't.
Well its hard to believe, I stick to fish and any veggies until now.

#### I love to organize stuff

I don't know where it came from, but I hate to see something getting tored up or
just don't belong there. In fact, I read *Marie Kondo*'s book how to tidy up
stuff where its belong.

#### My brain have a unique system

I have this thing that I don't know what its called, so that I have a short
memory system *but for parts that I only want to remember*. If I have no
interest with nor anything to do with it, I always remember what it is. Strange
shit. In the other hand, I also have this kinda minimal-tic (not somewhat
uncontrollably hard like *Tourette's*) that always happening when I'm nervous.

Well, everybody have a different and a unique system how their brain works I
think.

#### Heavy sleeper at heart

I sleep pretty much in daylight, can't sleep past midnight. For the love of god,
I have a problem when it comes to waking up. I always setup my alarm for like 5
minutes from the beginning of a time (haha no) I mean from the time that I want
to wake up in. Dangit....

And many more, can't possibly write it here... its kinda bit embarassing but hey
at least I love to share hahahahaha.

Lemme know in the comments if you have your things in regarding yourself (your
habits, stuff, anything, it doesn't matter).

Thank you for reading until the very end!

<div align="center">
  <img
    src="https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1891/6405/products/shop-online-from-qualityfood-ae-fruits-fresh-cubed-green-apple-fresh-food-in-dubai-and-abu-dhabi-700383330328_480x480.jpg?v=1513201474" 
    alt="Apple Burst" 
    width="400"
  />
  <p>
    Image by <i>&copy; QualityFood Shopify</i>
  </p>
</div>
