---

title: Gratitude
date: "2021-11-09"
description: Feel all the things that you can't see, but you already did.
ogimage: ./gratitude.jpg

---

## üçÄ Are You Happy?

There are so much things in the world that needs to get its attention worth by.
For example, all the stuff you did in the past or an act of deed you do today
or anything happens from you woke up in the morning until you get tired and
throw yourself into your comfort throne.

You see, there is a lot going on while you are doing your stuff. People come and
by, seasons are changing, dark turns into light and in the end you kept
thinking

*"Do I have an impact in my life for what I did earlier? or today, or even
tomorrow?"*

YES, you are.
 
Things are intended to be seen or not to be. All the stuff you have done also
changes how the world revolve and rotate. Can you imagine, you were just walking
in a beautiful morning, feeling so fresh, releasing all of your stresses,
flowers are blooming, and you stumbled upon a rock in a sideway that usually
used by a bike.

And you throw that rock away so that the biker or anyone that using that road
would never get slipped by the rock. That is like 1% of your kindness but
affects any people who used the path. On the other hand, you throw some trash
into the bin outside for garbage-picking later and you saw your neighbor had an
overnight trash linging around and you help them put it in. That also counts for
your goodwill.

Nature do be thankful later. But you cannot see it because it will not talk to
you and gave you an appreciation. You don't need any recognition for helping the
environment, but it has an impact.

## üçÄ Humans Over You

Some changes, updates, and anything related to be a newer condition is common in
a software engineering industries. You need to keep up with the time being. But
it doesn't mean that you ain't gonna update yourself. 

Updating software destroys bugs and releases one or two new features. So are
you. You can update yourself so that you kill the toxicity inside and get some
new features for yourself.

But don't forget, there is a lot of features that keeps to be maintained like
the fundamentals and needs.

*"I already completed my needs and I don't know what to do right now!"*

Is it? 

**Humans never come to any satisfaction.**

Keep my words, why? Because the urge that we want more after all the things that
we have done. We crave to fulfill our ego for a 'greater good'.

But do you ever feel that you have sacrificed the stuff that you may have forgotten.

You achieve two or more rewards but you missed the thing that 'made' yourself
rewarded. Things that are so little, it feels like it should not be there but it
should. All the little details are the stuff that opens your way to the victory
but you did not realize that are you?

For me, there is a lot but I think I'll share 3 of that 'details' that made so
much impact and updates for my body, my mind and how I react to a thing or two.

## üçÄ AAA

The triple A way to create a unit test for your application. When you create a
software, you need to test it if it runs or not, does the function fails, or is
it clean enough to be published and reviewed by others.

Turns out if we do think like that and apply those principles to our life, it
returns a whole new level of thoughts that may or may not affect yours but it is
working for myself.

#### 1. Arrange

You have been given the ability to live the life, so make it fun and happy
because it appears we have been given the chance to enjoy it once. I do be
thankful for this because I can be expressive about my life, share the things to
other people and made their day and other shit.

But it may succeed or fails based on how you arrange it, things need plan to do.
Well some people likes to live in the edge but by arranging the thoughts you do
later it can help to get by your day easier. But don't just think about it and
comes the second point.

#### 2. Act

*"A little bit of this and a little bit of that"*

After you plan by arranging all the stuff, start by completing the piece little
by little. People likes to think and gather all the thoughts in their mind but
it has no action. Well, it can be a solo work or a group work.

If you didn't have any friends start by doing the stuff yourself within your
goal that has been set before. It might be hard if you were 'carry'-ing all
things solo, that is why I really appreciate my friends because they can help me
with all their strength. In my ups and downs, my highs and lows they are always
on my side.

Besides, its not limited to your friends. You got families, cousins, and others.
Ask them, try to be open to them and your journey should be easy.

All plans and action have been done, what's left?

#### 3. Assertion

You should understand and being real, because..

**Expectation and reality hits different.**

Sometimes, things are done in your way, but many times it did not. But hey, be
patient since all the stuff will made an impact and your effort will not go
waste. 

But get ready if things aren't working properly.

Don't give up and pack your things up, because success is a form of many failed
attempts.

*"Some say, Patience is virtue."*

As function in a software, if the assertion of a test case is failed we didn't
change the expectation because we will wreck the plan and the action that we
have done.

We try to fix it until the test cases are passed and the code are getting ready
to be deployed. It is the same as our actions, we already gave our strength and
mind for it. Gave it so much effort that it hurts our heart, made our emotions
blow up and stuff. 

*Just take it easy...*

And be grateful, because if it turns out not working as intended maybe the
reality have another plans, action, or even new expectations for you to keep
later.

Well it happens to me sometimes, I have done shit, **so many stuff**, that it
isn't getting anywhere. Overthinking and big thoughts haunting my mind, and I
kept saying

*"Am I worthy enough?"*

But in the end, reality gave me another chance and a new plan that turns out are
better for me to understand. I accept it and I am grateful about it. :)

### üçÄ Hydration

To be precise I really appreciate all the things that is going in in my life
before, right now, or ever after.

My utmost respect and gratitude for the life, friends and families, and reality
that has been given for me. Without that stuff, I might not walk in this world.

Thank you very much! If you read this until this very end, stay hydrated!

<div align="center">
  <img
    src="https://media.istockphoto.com/photos/mount-hood-oregon-picture-id1268487061?b=1&k=20&m=1268487061&s=170667a&w=0&h=3fHYwaImlqUETcjCnSV7YO2-PzCFvaX6VSQaiGfWqpc=" 
    alt="Gratitude" 
    width="400"
  />
  <p>Image by <i>&copy; IStockPhoto</i></p>
</div>


